#summary AMO Backup
#labels Deprecated
<wiki:toc max_depth="3" />

====== File $Id$ ======

= Edit Listing =
== Basic Information ==
==== Summary ====
Sync engine for Stylish with backup / restore facility.

== Images ==

== Add-on Details ==
Use the Mozilla Sync engine for synchronizing <a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/addon/stylish/">Stylish</a> user styles between computers and browsers.

<b>DISCLAIMER</b>
This add-on is not affiliated with nor endorsed by the authors of <a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/addon/stylish/">Stylish</a>. As such, it might stop working with any new version!

By default Stylish Sync creates daily backups of your Stylish database in your <a href="http://kb.mozillazine.org/Profile_folder">profile folder</a>. If you find missing styles try to restore a previous version and let me know!

<b>KNOWN ISSUES</b>
<ul>
<li>Stylish Sync 0.1.3 was not compatible with Stylish <b>1.3</b>, due to an internal interface change. Please install at least <a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/seamonkey/addon/stylishsync/versions/">version 0.1.4</a> of this add-on</li>
<li>There was a known incompatibility with Firefox 14 and SeaMonkey 2.11 or higher. Please install at least version 0.1.3 of this add-on (from https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/seamonkey/addon/stylishsync/versions/ ).</li>
</ul>

==== Homepage ====

== Support Information ==
stylishsync.t0s@gishpuppy.com
https://code.google.com/p/stylishsync/wiki/README

== Technical Details ==
Unfortunately, <a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/addon/stylish/">Stylish</a> doesn't allow to synchronize its data with Mozilla's sync service.

This extension adds the missing functionality.

==== Required Add-ons ====
Stylish

= Authors and Licences =
== Privacy Policy ==
This extension uploads Stylishes user styles to the Mozilla sync server.

As with all Mozilla sync data, all items are uploaded in encrypted form and can only be decrypted by the users browser.

<strong>Please Note: This software is still in it's beta testing phase and COMES AS IS! - <a href="http://code.google.com/p/stylishsync/wiki/README#Disclaimer">DISCLAIMER</a>
If you're scared sh*tless now, don't use it!
</strong>

= Developer Profile =

== Why did you make this add-on ==

== Whats next for this addon ==

== Notes for reviewers ==
= v0.1.2 =
