#summary stylishsync Release History
#labels Featured

This is a history of `stylishsync`-Versions.

The complete change-log can be found [http://code.google.com/p/stylishsync/source/list here] and a developer-annotated change-log is
[https://stylishsync.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/changelog.txt here].

= Release History =

<wiki:comment>
In case somebody's wondering why I'm using HTML-markup: I want to copy this
page to and from the AMO release notes.
</wiki:comment>

=== v0.1.4 ===
  <li>Restore compatibility with Stylish 1.3</li>

=== v0.1.3 ===
 <li>Restore compatibility with Gecko >= 14 (Firefox 14 and SeaMonkey 2.10).
 <li>Address reviewers concerns about determining stack frames.</li>

=== v0.1.2 ===
 <li>Add <em>Stylish Sync</em> to standard sync set-up and options.</li>
 <li>Fix a bug where styles wouldn't show after syncing.</li>
 <li>Add help button to options.</li>
 <li>Work around a little bug in Mozillas sync.</li>
 <li>Minor bug fixes</li>
 <li>Internal: Fix DB-file access in Gecko 14 after landing of bug 682360</li>
 <li>Internal: refactor to use synergies with <a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/addon/reqpolsync/">RequestPolicy Sync</a>.</li>
 
=== v0.1.0 ===
 <li>Added backup and restore facility with automatic daily backups.</li>
 <li>Added sync reset facility (like Mozilla's engines).</li>
 <li>Select sync method (merge, replace) on first install.</li>
 <li>Sync stylish settings (same platform only).</li>

=== v0.0.2 ===
 <li>Initial release on [https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/addon/stylishsync/ AMO].</li>